Add `@feature` directive to conditionally add a field based on a feature state (using Laravel Pennant) (#2442)
nuwave/lighthouse: docs/master/digging-deeper/feature-toggles.md

}
```

## @feature

The [@feature](../api-reference/directives.md#feature) directive allows to include fields in the schema depending
on a [Laravel Pennant](https://laravel.com/docs/pennant) feature.

For example, you might want a new experimental field only to be available when the according feature is active:

```graphql
type Query {
  experimentalField: String! @feature(name: "new-api")
}
```

In this case, `experimentalField` will only be included when the `new-api` feature is active. 

Another example would be to only include a field when the feature is inactive:

```graphql
type Query {

>   deprecatedField: String! @feature(name: "new-api", when: "INACTIVE")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  deprecatedField: String! @feature(name: "new-api", when: INACTIVE)
```

If not already the case, tests and other examples should also use this as a proper enum.

Author: I double-checked, but this was the only typo. Good catch!

}
```

When using [class based features](https://laravel.com/docs/pennant#class-based-features), 

> the classname should be used as value for the `name` argument:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the fully qualified class name must be used as the value for the `name` argument:
```
